Add config flow to Namecheap integration (#43040)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/namecheapdns.markdown

With the **Namecheap DynamicDNS** {% term integration %} you can automatically update your dynamic DNS entry hosted by Namecheap's [FreeDNS](https://www.namecheap.com/store/domains/freedns/) or [PremiumDNS](https://www.namecheap.com/security/premiumdns/) services.

## Prerequisites

> To set up the integration, you need the **host** ( `@` to update the root domain) and the **domain** you want to update, as well as the **Dynamic DNS password** for the domain. You can find the Dynamic DNS password in your [Namecheap account](https://ap.www.namecheap.com/) under Domain List > Manage > Advanced DNS > Dynamic DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before setting up the integration, you need the following elements:

 - Have a [Namecheap account](https://ap.www.namecheap.com/).
 - The **host** ( `@` to update the root domain) and the **domain** you want to update, as well as the **Dynamic DNS password** for the domain. You can find the Dynamic DNS password in your [Namecheap account](https://ap.www.namecheap.com/) under **Domain List** > **Manage** > **Advanced DNS** > **Dynamic DNS**.
```
We use [bold to markup UI strings](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide)
